DOCS-1157: Document data retrieval methods in Data Client API (#2058)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/apis/data-client.md

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
from viam.proto.app.data import Filter

my_filter = Filter(component_type="camera")
binary_data = await data_client.binary_data_by_filter(my_filter)
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.binary_data_by_filter).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### BinaryDataByIDs

Retrieve binary data from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) by [`BinaryID`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/data/index.html#viam.proto.app.data.BinaryID).
You can also find your binary data under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `binary_ids` [(List[viam.proto.app.data.BinaryID])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/data/index.html#viam.proto.app.data.BinaryID): `BinaryID` objects specifying the desired data. Must be non-empty.

> - `dest` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes): Filepath to write retrieved data to. If not populated, writes to your current directory.

Author: ```suggestion
- `dest` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Filepath to write retrieved data to. If not populated, writes to your current directory.
```

**Returns**:

- [(List[BinaryData])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.BinaryData): The binary data retrieved from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
from viam.proto.app.data import BinaryID

binary_metadata = await data_client.binary_data_by_filter(
    include_file_data=False
    )

my_ids = []

> for obj in binary_metadata:

Author: @agreenb Is this correct usage? My apologies if not, was having a spot of trouble with the call to .binary_data_by_filter() call (sent in thread to Data management team, Cheuk was not able to reproduce the issue)-- any suggestions appreciated

>     my_ids.append(BinaryID(file_id=obj.metadata.id))

Author: ```suggestion
    my_ids.append(BinaryID(file_id=obj.metadata.id, organization_id=obj.metadata.capture_metadata.organization_id, location_id=obj.metadata.capture_metadata.location_id))
```

{{< readfile "/static/include/services/apis/data-client.md" >}}

### TabularDataByFilter

Retrieve optionally filtered tabular data from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

> Find your tabular data under the **Sensors** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data).

Reviewer: Not quite what I meant. If they are looking at the API, we probably shouldn't direct them to look in the app - kinda feels like they came here to use the API. So I think telling them they can find the tabular data there seems better.
```suggestion
You can also find your tabular data under the **Sensors** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data).
```

Author: Ok sounds good to me! I figured ppl might want to first see what files they are going to download

> Tabular data can be found under the **Sensors** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data).

Reviewer: Speak to users ;)

Author: 🤦‍♀️ yes!!

> Tabular data can be found under the **Sensors** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data).

Author: ```suggestion
Find tabular data under the **Sensors** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data).
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `filter` [(Optional[viam.proto.app.data.Filter])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/data/index.html#viam.proto.app.data.Filter): Optional `Filter` specifying tabular data to retrieve. Specify no filter to download all tabular data.

> - `dest` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Filepath to write retrieved data to.

Reviewer 2: Might be worth mentioning that if not populated here or in BinaryDataByFilter, writes to your current directory.

Author: Sounds good, done! Thanks for pointing that out!

**Returns**:

- [(List[TabularData])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.TabularData): The tabular data retrieved from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

> # from viam.proto.app.data import Filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from viam.proto.app.data import Filter
```
Why commented out?

Author: I don't know, figured as the lines wouldn't be in the same place in the code? Makes sense to uncomment

my_filter = Filter(component_name="left_motor")
tabular_data = await data_client.tabular_data_by_filter(my_filter)
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.tabular_data_by_filter).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### BinaryDataByFilter

Retrieve optionally filtered binary data from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

>  Find your binary data under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also find your binary data under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.
```

> Binary data can be found under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.

Reviewer: Speak to user

> Binary data can be found under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.

Author: ```suggestion
 Find your binary data under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `filter` [(Optional[viam.proto.app.data.Filter])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/data/index.html#viam.proto.app.data.Filter): Optional `Filter` specifying binary data to retrieve. Specify no filter to download all binary data.
- `dest` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Filepath to write retrieved data to.

> - `include_file_data` [(bool)](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bool.html#boolean-objects): Boolean specifying whether to include the binary file data with each retrieved file. Defaults to `true`, where both the files’ data and metadata are returned.

Author: @agreenb Can you confirm that this is correct, this option is given to return only metadata? Copied from Python docs but sentence is a little confusing so want to make sure

Reviewer 2: Correct!

- `num_files` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Number of binary data to return. Passing `0` returns all binary data matching the filter. Defaults to `100` if no binary data is requested, otherwise `10`.

**Returns**:

- [(List[BinaryData])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.BinaryData): The binary data retrieved from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

> # from viam.proto.app.data import Filter

Reviewer: Hmm so this is on purpose. Hmm I kind of like it uncommented because then if they copy it into their code it would give a lint error to put it at the top probably?

Author: Good with me, that makes sense! Uncommenting

> # from viam.proto.app.data import Filter

Author: ```suggestion
from viam.proto.app.data import Filter
```

You can also find your binary data under the **Images**, **Point clouds**, or **Files** subtab of the app's [**Data** tab](https://app.viam.com/data), depending on the type of data that you have uploaded.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `binary_ids` [(List[viam.proto.app.data.BinaryID])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/data/index.html#viam.proto.app.data.BinaryID): `BinaryID` objects specifying the desired data. Must be non-empty.
- `dest` [(Optional[str])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Filepath to write retrieved data to. If not populated, writes to your current directory.

**Returns**:

- [(List[BinaryData])](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient.BinaryData): The binary data retrieved from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
from viam.proto.app.data import BinaryID

binary_metadata = await data_client.binary_data_by_filter(
    include_file_data=False
    )

my_ids = []

for obj in binary_metadata:

>     my_ids.append(BinaryID(file_id=obj.metadata.id))

Reviewer 2: Almost! It should be BinaryID(file_id=obj.metadata.id, organization_id=obj.metadata.organization_id, location_id=obj.metadata.location_id). Would make sure that `organization_id` and `location_id` are the correct names in python so if you can test this locally!

Author: Added/tested!
